# tasmop-sauna-survey-AU
Repository for TASMOP (The Australian Sauna Motivations Project). Run by the Sauna Studies @ Western Sydney (SS@WS) research group. Begonnen Sep 28, 2019.

Greetings, globe. I have just learned how to use Github (and Git), but am still wrapping my head around things and am not yet fully functional. It's a very complex ecosystem for anyone coming from a non-programming background. None of it is intuitive, even though I have used computers all my life, and have worked on my own laptop to earn a living since March 2009 (10.5 years ago), with a strong interest in text production and a massive need for version control. But I've been using computers like driving an automatic car (like most humans), and have only recently started to understand how computers can be used in a more pro-user way. (To sum up "a more pro-user way", I'm thinking anyone who (a) knows how to use the command line and (b) has a basic functional understanding of one or more programming languages. Not an overly considered definition, but definitely more than simply knowing how to drive manual.) Though I should say that with about 2 hours of watching YouTube videos on how the ecosystem works (esp. this series: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCQHnlnPusY&), I think I now understand, and just need to start using it.   

But more to the point, I'm not yet sure what the TASMOP repo should contain. I just know that we want one, primarily for good data sharing practices (and thus good data stewardship); but likely also for collaboration. I'm not yet sure of that side of things, but I have various inklings about how this repo will be useful (e.g. sharing code for the various scripts required to make use of the raw TASMOP data). This will be primarily done by me and Alex, but others may get involved. I'd love to work with other newbies on how to make this approach (i.e. the Git approach) useful and productive. I'm unsure if any other current SS@WS members will be inclined to tackle the learning curve and get gitty, but we'll no doubt gain other collaborators in future. And even between just Alex and myself, this will be great. 

{As an aside, I can also see (or rather feel – not see) how Git will be super useful for MRes work (which is relevant to TASMOP in the sense that the MRes is the reason TASMOP is happening in the particular way that it has happened, both through the influence Alex and I have on each other, and on account of the learning we've derived from the MRes experience). Re: MRes, my first thought is that we can get gitty to share R code that we use for teaching, e.g. file name changes and individualised feedback/soup emails.}  

Anyway, that will do for now. This is just a first dip. Will do a proper ReadMe when we start using the repo for TASMOP stuff.

As a last note, this is awesome: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git#Naming (goddamn idiotic truckload of shit)
